[docs] Add note about splash screen testing limitations (#34437)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/splash-screen.mdx

The `SplashScreen` module from the `expo-splash-screen` library is used to tell the splash screen to remain visible until it has been explicitly told to hide. This is useful to do tasks that will happen behind the scenes such as making API calls, pre-loading fonts, animating the splash screen and so on.

> > From **SDK 52**, due to changes in order to support the latest Android splash screen API, Expo Go and development builds cannot fully replicate the splash screen experience your users will see in your standalone app. Expo Go will show your app icon instead of the splash screen, and the splash screen on development builds will not reflect all properties set in the config plugin. **It is highly recommended that you test your splash screen on a standalone build to ensure it looks as expected.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> From **SDK 52**, due to changes supporting the latest Android splash screen API, Expo Go and development builds cannot fully replicate the splash screen experience your users will see in your [standalone app](/more/glossary-of-terms/#standalone-app). Expo Go will show your app icon instead of the splash screen, and the splash screen on development builds will not reflect all properties set in the config plugin. **It is highly recommended that you test your splash screen on a release build to ensure it looks as expected.**
```

- Not sure why the prose linting job didn't catch this, but In order to = wordiness as per https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/docs/.vale/writing-styles/expo-docs/Wordiness.yml#L12
- I'd suggest adding a link to the standalone app from our glossary (for folks who might what standalone apps mean here -- not a term we use quite often in the docs)
- May also in the last sentence, can we say release or production build for clarity?
